feat: add async support (#146)
panodata/grafana-client: CHANGELOG.md

## unreleased

* Change the HTTP backend Requests for Niquests.
  You will have to make the required changes in your code, as you no longer

>   catch `requests.exceptions.Timeout` but `niquests.exceptions.Timeout` for example.

Reviewer: It looks like this client wrapper library already synthesizes custom exception types from certain error conditions on the HTTP level.

https://github.com/panodata/grafana-client/blob/6201f7ba7feb08d3f2ea2601bf6d69a1dd40a088/grafana_client/client.py#L156-L171

I wonder if we could also just do the same for timeout conditions, effectively synthesizing / converging this condition into a corresponding `GrafanaTimeoutError`, to decouple clients from the implementation details completely?

>   catch `requests.exceptions.Timeout` but `niquests.exceptions.Timeout` for example.

Author: > ...where the central dispatcher of grafana-client intercepts the exception propagation... requests and niquests

Actually I though about this, finding a way to let user keep the original except clause from requests, but this led to experiment that were really dirty. I wouldn't recommend it. And as you expect this to be a major, this should be OK as is.

> I wonder if we could also just do the same for timeout situations [1](https://github.com/panodata/grafana-client/pull/146#user-content-fn-1-359f7cb0cdcfadf3a62a9bdb41625741), effectively synthesizing / converging this condition into a corresponding GrafanaTimeoutError

Excellent idea, I have applied this recommendation and more. I also catch exception that aren't Timeout related, like ProtocolError and such.

Timeout are going to be translated into GrafanaTimeoutError and other to GrafanaException to keep thing simple.

>   catch `requests.exceptions.Timeout` but `niquests.exceptions.Timeout` for example.

Reviewer: Wonderful. Thank you so much!

>   You will have to make the required changes in your code, as you no longer
>   catch `requests.exceptions.Timeout` but `niquests.exceptions.Timeout` for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In certain conditions, you will need to adjust your code, as it no longer propagates
  `requests.exceptions.Timeout` exceptions, but uses `GrafanaTimeoutError` instead.
```

Author: Good catch. Indeed.
